1. REVIEW LEVEL 
The USA
States North Carolina, California and Illionois have the jobs with the highest reviews. 
Particularly Charlotte, Fair Oaks and California City are the cities where the best reviewed jobs are located.
In other words, there are the mostly recommended workplaces in those areas.

Canada
The most highly graded jobs are in states British Columbia, Ontario and Quebec.
Particularly Quebec City, Saskatoon and La Ronge are the cities where the best reviewed jobs can be found.
But, must point out, the average review is pretty low, comparing to the alternatives in the USA.

2. AMOUNT OF JOBS
The USA
The biggest amount of data analyst's jobs' offers are in the states California and Texas.
Leading cities on this regard are New York city, Chicago and Los-Angeles.
'IT Services and IT Consulting' and 'Staffing and Recruiting' are the most popular industries.
Additionally, these industries' jobs are mostly offered in the states has already been mentioned: California and Texas

Canada
The biggest amount of data analyst's jobs' offers are in the states Ontario and British Columia.
Leading cities on this regard are Toronto, Vancouver and Calgary.
'Technology, Information and Internet' and 'Hospitals and Health Care' are the most popular industries.
State Ontario is the obvious leader. 
It has biggest number of job postings in the most popular industries already mentioned together with 'software development' sector

3. REMOTE JOBS AND PART-TIME JOBS
Canada: the fraction of jobs can be worked on remotely is 17% of total amount.
USA: the fraction of jobs can be worked on remotely is 30% of total amount.  

The fraction and, consequently, the number of remote jobs in the USA is 13% more than in Canada. 
Thus, for people, wanting to experience working beyond an office, the US is more preferable option.

None of the countries lists part-time data analyst's roles

4. SALARY INFORMATION
The USA
States Massachusetts and North Carolina offer the most competitive salaries.
On this matter top cities are Washington DC, Jackson and Jersey City.
Average minimal and maximal salary on remote jobs in the Usa are $78000 and $97700 respectively.
The highest average salaries are in 'Financial Services', 'Biotechnology Research', 'IT Services and IT Consulting' industries

Canada
States Quebec and Alberta are the top ones, considering average salaries for data analysts.
On this regard top cities are Oakville, Montreal, Regina
Average minimal and maximal salary on remote jobs in canada is 48800 and 63700 respectively
The highest average salaries are in 'Banking and Financial Services', 
'Human Resources Services', 'Technology, Information and Internet' industries

5. SENIORITY LEVEL
In both countries entry-level and mid-senior level jobs prevail, regardless of employment type(both full-time and part-time).
State Ontario is the absolute leader, regarding jobs' salaries and amount in all seniority levels.
On the same topic, California and Texas are on top, regarding entry-level and mid-senior level jobs
